---
layout: layout_pages
title: Butler Top/Bottom DM not Found (CSS-10264)
---
##### [Back to the Previous Page ](https://mridula-techwriter.github.io/GO-Manufacturing-Team-Doc/Pages/Ranger-GTP-2.1-Troubleshooter.html) 
---

Ver 1.0

# {{page.title}}
When you see the error DM not found, it means that the Ranger is not able to read the barcode correctly and therefore is unable to move.This error mostly occurs due to defect in the camera assembly, nav code version and splitter PCBA, and some issue. with the camera.


## Troubleshooting Steps:
1. Check the navigation log and the navigation code as explained in the document [How to Find Nav Logs](https://mridula-techwriter.github.io/GO-Manufacturing-Team-Doc/Pages/find-nav-logs.html){:target="_blank"}.
2. Use the appropriate version of navigation code.
3. Run the bot and see if the issue persists.

> Is your issue resolved? If not continue with step 4.

4. Check if the barcode is damaged as shown in this image.

5. Check if the distance between 2 barcodes is correct.
6. Check if the error occurs at a specific barcode.

> If any of the steps 4 - 6 is true, follow the procedure for Barcode replacement as explain in Barcode Replacement SOP else continue with step 7.

7. Log in to the bot and perform the diagnostic as mention in the document Camera Diagnostic Procedure.

> If the diagnostic test is passed continue with step 8 else go to the document<>. 

8. Check the navigation log and the navigation code as explained in the document [How to Find Nav Logs](https://mridula-techwriter.github.io/GO-Manufacturing-Team-Doc/Pages/find-nav-logs.html){:target="_blank"}.
9. Use the appropriate version of navigation code.
10. Run the bot and see if the issue persists. 

> If you see the message `Got BOT DM` the issue is resolved else go to step 11.

11. Check the sys log as explained in the document How to find sys logs.
12. If you find translation fault in the sys log that is generated by IPU getting started due to puppet, check if the Puppet release version is 1.2.0-7cc1a7.

> If issue is not resolved go to step 13.

13. Check the sys log as explained in the document How to find sys logs.
14. If you find the error `INFO exited: ipu (terminated by SIGABRT; not expected)`indicating that the IPU reset issue is due to image crash, check the IPU version.

> If issue is not resolved go to step 15.
